docs(migration): add v11 guide (#10477)
carbon-design-system/carbon: docs/migration/v11.md

# v11

**Note: everything in this file is a work-in-progress and can be changed.**

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

## Table of Contents

- [Upgrade paths](#upgrade-paths)
- [carbon-components](#carbon-components)
- [carbon-components-react](#carbon-components-react)
- [carbon-icons](#carbon-icons)
- [@carbon/icons](#carbonicons)
- [@carbon/icons-react](#carbonicons-react)
- [@carbon/colors](#carboncolors)
- [@carbon/elements](#carbonelements)
- [@carbon/grid](#carbongrid)
- [@carbon/layout](#carbonlayout)
- [@carbon/motion](#carbonmotion)
- [@carbon/pictograms](#carbonpictograms)
- [@carbon/pictograms-react](#carbonpictograms-react)
- [@carbon/themes](#carbonthemes)
- [@carbon/type](#carbontype)
- [FAQ](#faq)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

This document outlines all of the changes to the Carbon Design System from v10
to v11. If you're just getting started, it may be helpful to checkout our

> [migration site](#todo).

Reviewer: Is the "migration site" here the sample app or the v11.carbondesignsystem.com one?

You can also follow one of our upgrade paths for common migration use-cases.

> Checkout one of the guides below if they apply to you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out one of the guides below if they apply to you:
```
